I'm going to do a little I'm going to do
a little um experiment and stand on a
landmine and see what happens off the
off rip okay if you don't move yeah
somehow I think you're good don't
eat welcome back to O deer the game that
be like puffer's right next to
you the rules of this game are pretty
simple there's one Hunter and there's a
bunch of deer if you're the hunter you
got to find the deer if you're the deer
you got to do this guys I'm flying off
the edge I'm
okay that's not really a good
representation of what the game is
actually like we we found out how to
mess with settings in the game and we
kind of ruined it but you know it is
what it is if you want more games like
this on the channel make sure to leave a
like and we'll be sure to play them and
if you have any suggestions for games
like it leave it down in the comment
section subscribe if you're new and
enjoy the content thank you so much for
watching and I hope you enjoy the rest
of the video okay guys what should I set
the fart delay to one second I don't
remember what put 50
seconds be flying everywhere you sure to
change I don't think we should do this
maybe one round okay okay okay all right
everybody everybody today we're Deering
we're oh we're
Dearing I didn't do a tutorial CU
somebody I
fly said keep it normal right everybody
calm down when he gets out everybody
stop every stop doesn't even know what
the game is bro yeah nobody told me what
the game is
bro okay act like a deer and don't get
hit by the
hunter your meter goes
down no this is horrifying this is
actually scary dude it gives you
momentum every time you fart it
dude if he can hit one of us I'll be so
impressed it actually you get momentum
every time you do it keep it normal all
right who's running in circles how do
you get that far that
fast you're like a Lamborghini deer over
here yummy a [__] Lambo deer how
where he's on the other dude what it's
so fun you which I I see one frame of a
fly near and you're gone I really want
to see what this looks like as the
hunter dude it's horrifying it's like a
horror game oh it's not it's not a
horror game yet
buddy dude dude dude how did he not even
stop just stopped puffer's right next to
you welcome to oh dear
Grizzy all right
what you ched the [__] out
of [__] [__] I'm going to keeping over
there [__] broke his ankles right
there I am
not oh he hit another deer the second
deer has been hit by an
[Music]
arrow what's going on dude I was F like
an airplane actually yeah I know if you
hit the Rocks right you could get really
far this is not the way it's meant to be
played nice feels natural what they be
putting in them salt licks
[Laughter]
bro wait this that was it let's get him
boys it's so don't let him get to his
house we got where we going bro we got
to go to your
house keep going keep
going don't worry I'm blocking his front
door don't let him in don't let him in
my back red yeah it's glowing red
remember Char oh never
mind never mind I was going to say get
on the roof and it
counts oh I'm the
hunter I'm so excited for this where is
he spawning I don't know uh I think he
spawns in the house
right there's multiple hous where we all
spawn out
of see him pink oh damn it I picked the
wrong
one just like that
[Music]
accuracy I keep get stuck oh man [__]
where' you go where is
he just flies fast
me God damn it I want to hit one of you
guys with like such a perfect shot you
just have to start shooting in the air
randomly no I saw your
ass just about to
go not that don't do that one he stands
up behind the
gun [__] come here you little [__]
where is he I got to get rid of this
radioactive deer that's one oh my God he
got him I got to suck the St don't go in
that no how did that miss a lot of f
going on I wouldn't do that I wouldn't
do
that leave him
alone oh Jesus
he had no idea you were oh my God that
was a [__] jump scare y'all got real
quiet and started TR well what
go oh [__] get
out dude how they get these like speed
boost oh my God
hit go stop moving he can't hit what he
can't see he can't hit what he
can't oh my God that was crazy looking a
little low there buddy you got one last
shot got me damn it I
just which which one was I in oh you're
yeah you're dead selfie let me get a
selfie let me get a selfie let me get a
selfie here hun oh God wait
which one's Grizzy I'm not saying it cuz
you're both black but you know take a
guess left my my
left yeah yeah that was wrong I I forgot
my left and
right all right now that I got my
footage you guys want to switch bro yeah
I know
I'm motherucker I'm just kidding I'm
just kid
[Music]
not that one not that
one who Next me bro who's
[Music]
hi kid me just he almost hit
me everybody bully the new guy everybody
bully the new
guy jum scar I'm
just once he gets one of us it's going
to turn into a scary situation
everybody's going to
scatter huh what if I scatter
now no run run you a real [__] pull
up a
sh man yeah you got me he's losing his
[__]
mind oh that was close that was on your
head gri behind you went through I got
a nothing's behind you gzy don't it out
behind oh he's he's
[__] no come here mother
[__] I was all the distraction it is
oh it is why did it change Maps just
load a new oh guys I'm flying off the
edge I'm fly off the
edge
I
immediately okay John let's go John you
have to understand yeah I think you get
it it infinitely speeds up the longer
you do it look
at okay so this is regular this is
regular we might get a random mode but
this is pretty much regular so everybody
ready up do not fall off the map now it
becomes a
challenge wait why why we can't fart
again
what okay so this this is one of the
challenges wait no no no no this is good
these are bear traps we're deers we
should I can't move me BR uh yummy is
currently stuck in a bear trap oh my God
I can't walk you can't walk without
right clicking they are
everywhere I can't right click well good
thing you're saying you don't get to see
him you're sanity he's not going down
unless you shoot a deer puffer it's fine
wait did that kill someone my sanity
didn't go down after I shot a deer wait
really uh do it again do it again do it
again oh okay okay it might be this
might be a
[Music]
problem oh so what why do it sound like
somebody just got hit in the head okay
this might be
working who in the
Rock I
just that [__] ain't work
bro yummy jumped off the
map okay so you can jump a little
further now guys so be careful when
you're close to the edges I feel it yeah
wait you think I can jump this Gap wait
I'm the hunter oh my God you AB oh
that's good oh look out look out lots of
bear traps lots of bear traps off rip I
hear why is that there I was just that's
crazy God damn it I'm going back to the
menu bro no wa wait hold on wait hold on
I'm stuck in a bear trap [__] oh
[__] what is
that
Montana dude that was
I I missed my shot you just jumped off
the he slamed his head on the
Rock wait somebody's hungry watch out
for traps
John
damn I saw you standing was standing up
with the bush I thought I could [__]
eat and fart
away what a crazy sometimes buddy
sometimes hey somebody [__] through the
door right now oh
hey thank you oh no problem I'm killing
you
last
okay L you ain't killing anybody swear
swear please come on brother pleas okay
okay okay okay the jump all right fine
make the jump and you survive make the
jump and you survive what jump the jump
over
the don't jump over that dude he's
baiting you do it from the other side do
it from like the middle part like see
where it's higher up be who's
this okay fair
enough who he made
it wait what that
was iot the camera dude
ready look at him he's a piece of [__]
he's vlogging this whole thing
what the
[Music]
[__] man I saw another one across the
[__] rock there he is son of a [__]
the de still alive at the bottom
what the where trick shot him okay here
we
go oh [__]
oh I think he got it I think he got it I
passed he killed it he
got too much a
drling what happened I blacked
out I see a [__] you don't i' be
looking in the mirror
shoting Aimbot got Aimbot bro all right
if y'all are them yall aren't scared yet
so I W you
crazy is that what you that is insane
you [__]
wow he's one of you guys he's one of you
guys you like you like mushrooms there
might be who's in the house might man
how the [__] that ain't me
what there he is that ain't
me that was actually just a random y y
we can talk about it we can talk about
it we can talk about it is you I don't
want you I want to kill you talk we can
talk all right what do you want to talk
about we could talk about you leave me
alone that I'm going to kill you leave
me alone the fact that you're going to
die he's got to be it this way he's
right here every day I'm hustling
hling I'm trying to scare you guys stand
just [__] in front of
me how do you not yeah that's crazy yeah
yeah every day he's
[__] I'm not going to lie to you
thank you want it just for you you
better win this [__]
let's go where's my house where's my
don't go over there don't go over there
you just right in front me he spot in
front of
me run you might make it you might make
it and hit
something oh yeah you go the
roof for you can go on the roof I
won stop excuse me get out here EXC me
excuse me bro excuse me I'm going put
you on let tell you something let me
tell you something see get away from me
I just see ass coming through the
door I only did it one time
because two times yeah it's hard shot at
the right
one uhoh it is pretty out
here yeah kind of want to jump in here
but they don't let you on this
map sorry bu
[Music]
oh man I put an arrow in that deer's ass
I see
[Music]
that oh you fall through the thing son
[__] oh that such you have such shot
this whole time [__]
this it matter oh it didn't matter
though it didn't matter at that
point yeah you did what it didn't matter
bro what fck do no come
here
wait I'm kill you I'm going kill you
even harder now God damn
it the trees dude that's what I'm saying
bro the trees are control as [__] last
guy's a deer right in front of you okay
pick
wisely no it's not him it's the other
one yeah that one
oh [__] Bro basically said kill
me kill me please it's only me not for
long where you at oh there you are where
the [__] are you I'm just
kidding grey jump off the map B
grey no I don't think you can on this
one where' I
go what do you mean
where am I jump off the map jump off the
map you ain't going to get me anyway I
can't move I can't
move yeah you really
can't put this on YouTube why you fil
are you Logan Paul why you filming
[Laughter]
[Music]
me oh uhoh uh land M active land mode
just oh look how you just ran into one
almost that was really close oh it sends
me out so quick I almost yeah the fact
that John can't even right click either
is kind of crazy oh yeah John what
happens that's a lot of Audio Oh God is
that where is he did they go off you get
close to them I don't
know wait are there some near me uh no
you're safe right now I didn't
know I got him I got oh wait I thought
he
died I don't know if he does die what is
going on behind me are the oh my that
se's hitting
mine yeah we're going to see deer
everywhere just
dead what just happened can you shoot
them no the exact thing that just walked
right on ITW up oh no that deer has his
airpod there was a [__] mine under
the
mushroom oh you died I was wondering how
you died what
oh
man [__] jumped right into
[Music]
it why is my oh my God you pick up speed
really quick wait what oh what what if
you can outrun the land wait what I
don't know if that's
possible what you me
Bo shut the [__] up
[Music]
I was just standing
still I was just starving by the side of
the [__] water I'm trying to fly here
really I want to be the
first bro he was g b you know what I
just want to sit here and wait for
someone to fly by I moov my camera a
little bit outside the audio distance so
I just want to hear a small fart as they
fly by by the edge of the map oh here
comes someone it's like watching a
NASCAR
race no
not there they go Grizzy gri Grizzy just
go on the edge of the map go on the edge
of the map is just no Grizzy come on
I'll go where you are I'll move my
camera over there he's too fast I can't
keep up with him with the camera still
[__] he's still [__] behind you
no way yall got Stu that's insane you're
making a heart you were making a heart
we're stuck at each other he's getting
to the oh my god look how fast they
are holy [__]
ter oh my God that's just your heartbeat
buddy it's not even the
game I admitted this strategy I'm going
to I'm going to find you guys it's not
hard
I think I know where the deer
[Applause]
are holy [__] that's
close no I tried to eat really quick to
make it look like it wasn't
me find your cabin where's my house oh
my God he's so
close he's there he's
right before you even
that that was like that was like a crazy
defender in the NBA just stopping
someone from d by
James that was insane that wasam game
seven bro no way get that [__] I was
touching the roof I hate that your [__]
ass tried to go on the roof rather than
entering the
building I'm going to do a little I'm
going to do a little um experiment and
stand on a land mine and see what
happens off the off rip okay like if you
don't move yeah somehow I think you're
good don't
[Music]
eat what's Su
Chief I want you to put a little stinky
in my forehead I'm going to set up some
I'm going to set up some speed traps The
Impossible
job just be go off constantly whoa whoa
whoa hey hey buddy
hey even the deer I see the deer doing
glitchy
head whoa whoa whoa hey buddy hey hey
license
license head on collision head on
collision come back and exchange info
buddy I'm good I have no insurance I
have no
insurance don't move a muscle and they
come to you
it's like hunting in real life uhoh
you're done you're done buddy you're
done better get to your cabin right now
go to your cabin go to your cabin
that'll be
fine oh he's haing ass the [__] house
already oh my God he's so fast holy [__]
run
s [__] cut him off don't let him jump up
top the
roof oh swing don't [__] oh swing don't
[__] this game this game too
[Music]
easy I have an idea and it's idea it's
just crazy enough that it might work I
think I know what you're doing
wait in the front door
no that didn't work they they're not
activated yet oh oh they're active now I
so bad I fell off with
you for
[Music]